CS50 edx
Luis Manuel Terrón Cabrero
Writing Problem: Around the House
HP Scanjet 2200C
     It is the 26th of December, Boxing day in the UK and after Christmas here in Spain. Sitting at my parent house in an old computer, I can identify a device … an old scanner “hp Scanjet 2200c”.
     The device looks very simple as compare to newer devices such as an Iphone or an Amazon ECO. It has two keys on front and it has two connecting cables in the back, one of them to connect it to the outlet and the other one to the computer.
       The scanner only accepts one kind of data; graphic data. Of course it allows us to scan graphic data in different formats; photos, documents, books and so on. It allows us to save images on the computer or print it out.
        It processes the data by computing or scanning the image. Basically by clicking the button or clicking the key on the system you either order the computer to do it by clicking the mouse or else press the button yourself.
      The final result of the process is that a graphic image is either store in the computer so you can see it, send out in an email, or further process it in many different ways.
     On the other hand you can go ahead and print that document by pressing the button and use the document as you wish.
     The device that I selected has been the HP Scanjet 2200C, a device that may seem very simple on one hand but that could allow you to do many task. The device came with the computer that my parents bought me around the year 2000. Almost 18 years after you can basically perform the same tasks … the key change today is the quality and time. Many people now a days use the cellphone camera as a quick tool to snap a shoot at something important instead of going over the scanner an wasting the extra time. 
     It is fascinating how a simple cellphone now takes the role of substituting a lot of old devices that used to be key in our daily lifes. From the simple scanner that would help me scan my projects to a calculator. 
    I believe that doing this exercise has allowed me to go a step further and take a different view when looking at a scanner device that may seem very simple now but it was a precious tool in the past.
